distinct background :#80808017
  gradient: linear-gradient(45deg, rgba(57,117,254,0.8519782913165266) 35%, rgba(103,90,255,0.8155637254901961) 90%)
  primary color #578afee0

1. Hello World
I've started to learn programming from March 2017. Which is the time I have to study for my final exam to go to university. But don't I started learning C. And that how my journey began. At that time I'm just a dummies boy who try to understand the concept of programming. After a lot of rewatch and take notes with some C courses that I found on youtube. On the first semester of first year in university. I didn't learn to much about programming but english. I learned it a lots. Maybe about 20-30 new words per day.

2. First Step
I've started to learn the first one in trio power of web programming languages which is HTML. I find it was insteresing because with just one line of code you can build and run it in the browser. Not as abstact as C. I took me about four months to know understand properly about HTML, CSS because I have to deal with a bunch of trouble in real life. The remark is April 2018, I'm started to learn CSS Frame Work which is Bootstrap. My friend sent me a playlist of that courses which consist of more than 100 videos, 10 projects in total. Yeah of course I fucking boring at first. But know I'm addicted to it and I can watch tutorial videos for a whole day. With Bootstrap I'm slowly understand about layout, column, row. Bootstrap was like the god to me because its huge built-in code that make every thing very easy. Espcially when it came to responsive. The standard requirement that all website have to meet. But then I realize I shoudn't rely to much on framework I have I write it by my self. From that time, I was trying to write a pure website without using any kind of framework. Layout stuffs I use CSS Grid and Flex Box to handle the responsive. With the Bootstrap playlist I also learned to make interaction in my website using Jquery. But it was very difficult for me to follow that playlist at time because I was not used to Javascript. So I started to learn JS. After I've finished first course of JS have a litte basic of this languages. I started to go back to that playlist and finish the bootstrap course. It's a bootstrap course so the lecture only cover some useful features and plugin of Jquery. But it still very good to me. I can make a static page with some interation. Some simple animation and slideup slidedown when click the button,...

3. Seriously learning
Then in August 2018 I was introduced to Coders.Tokyo by Thong. Coders.Tokyo is new coding community founded by Mr.Thinh who lives and works at Tokyo. At that time I decide to learn his JS course. And then I find it espcially wonderful and easy to understand with a lot of examples and exercises in Mr.Thinh's web system. After that, I continue to learn ExpressJS which is a minimal and flexible NodeJS web application that provides a robust set of features for web and mobile applications. Backend by the way. I've learned a lot of things from that course. Mr.Thinh gave me a basic knowledge and the way it works. First step was overhead because it was very different from frontend. But day by day I slowly understand it. After some copy paste for the example of Mr.Thinh. I started to create my own stuffs. First thing is books collection which have all the features like add book, add to wishlist, modify, delete, view detail. Dealing with logictics make me realize how some website work eventhough I know that my knowledge is nothing. Then I made a technology shop the same features as books colletion(It very ulgy cause I don't care about UI, I was just practing ExpressJS). The last projects that I do is a clothes website.
4. Temporary last word
It's nothing much but I try to keep my self learning one more new thing each day. Watching these tutorial gave me a lot of tricks and add to my skills an extrodinary. Thankfully, I only good at English and know I can use it properly.